hey guys my back here today we are back
with something special it is the first
Hunger Games map on the PlayStation
edition minecraft and it is made by a
subscriber of Mario's woz so that is a
huge thing to be proud of his name is
gonna be on the screen personal friend
of mine also playing with them all night
awesome guy really cool dude so go I
don't know if he has a YouTube channel
actually I'll find out but whatever you
know them some love vidos I'll put it up
on the screen if he does and it's just
so awesome overall I hope you guys enjoy
this make sure you leave a like and a
comment and over it's there for more
awesome content thanks for watching and
I hope I'll see you
well guys you saw here first first
Hunger Games map montage a very special
thank you to Ronnie for letting me check
out this map it is very awesome make
sure you guys Adam on PSN i'll probably
have though is BS on up there assange
yeah give them give them give them some
love by adding him on PSN and just yet
make sure you leave the video I like and
I comment letting you know you can't
make sure you subscribe for more awesome
content and as always I hope I'll see
you guys in my next video well I